[Music]
thank you
found the dust I was born to the dirt I
shall return when my eyes are closed in
the shadows
[Music]
my enemies will think they want but I'm
here to stay
Destiny will overcome though are you not
afraid
my soul rise
from the darkness
[Music]
but I'm afraid
all the pain all the hurt all the
lessons
[Music]
I'm here to stay
Destiny you will overcome no I am not
afraid
[Music]
from the darkness
I'm afraid
[Music]
foreign
never
cure sugar there's a reason why we live
we lose
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't know what you want let's have a
bit of fun till I down for my love if
you feel like I do right now don't say
you're on the run to the other side
my love
you say you wanna try but you never do
sugar there's a reason why we live
[Music]
you say you wanna try but you never knew
there's a reason why we lose
[Music]